\problemname{A Classy Problem}

In his memoir ``So, Anyway'', comedian John Cleese writes of the class
difference between his father (who was
``middle-middle-middle-lower-middle class'' and his mother (who was
``upper-upper-lower-middle class''). These fine distinctions between
classes tend to confuse North American readers, so you are to write a
program to sort a group of people by their classes to show their true
place in the social class hierarchy.

For this problem, there are three main classes: upper, middle, and
lower. Obviously, the highest is upper and the lowest is lower. But
there can be distinctions within a class, so upper-upper is a higher
class than middle-upper, which is higher than lower-upper. However,
all of the upper classes (upper-upper, middle-upper, and lower-upper)
are higher than any of the middle classes.

Within a class like middle-upper, there can be further distinctions as
well, leading to classes like lower-middle-upper-middle-upper. When
comparing classes, once you have reached the lowest level of detail,
you should assume that all further classes are the same as the middle
level of the previous level of detail.  So upper class and
middle-upper class are equivalent, as are middle-middle-lower-middle
and lower-middle.

\section*{Input}

The first line of input contains a single positive integer $T$ $(T
\leq 500)$ indicating the number of cases to follow.  Each case starts
with a positive integer $n$ $(n \leq 100)$ on a line indicating the
number of people to consider.  Each of the next $n$ lines contains the
name of a person followed by a colon and a space, followed by the
class of the person.  The name contains up to 30 lowercase characters.
The class is a string consisting of a nonempty sequence of up to 10 of
the words \verb|upper|, \verb|middle|, \verb|lower| separated by
hyphens (\verb|-|), followed by a space, followed by the word
\verb|class|.  No two people will have the same name in a single case.

\section*{Output}
For each test case, print the list of names from highest to lowest
class.  If two people have the same or equivalent classes, they should
be listed in alphabetical order by name.  Output a line of 30 equal
signs (\verb|=|) after each case.
